[SDK-1881] New Angular quickstart (#9368)
auth0/docs: articles/quickstart/spa/_includes/_auth_note_custom_domains.md

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD041 -->

:::note

> If you are using a [custom domain with Auth0](https://auth0.com/docs/custom-domains), the value of the domain prop is the value of your custom domain instead of the value reflected in the "Settings" tab.

Reviewer: I believe "prop" is reserved for react apps.

```suggestion
If you are using a [custom domain with Auth0](/custom-domains), the value of the domain property is the value of your custom domain instead of the value reflected in the "Settings" tab.
```

Did we test this custom domain scenario already?
